Hardcode preCICE as shared library (#2300)
precice/precice: CMakeLists.txt

  set_property(CACHE CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE PROPERTY STRINGS Debug Release RelWithDebInfo MinSizeRel)
endif()

if (DEFINED BUILD_SHARED_LIBS AND NOT BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)

>   message(WARNING "You disabled BUILD_SHARED_LIBS, but preCICE unconditionally builds as shared library.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message(WARNING "You disabled BUILD_SHARED_LIBS, but preCICE can only being built as a shared library. This will still build preCICE as a shared library.")
```

Author: > can only being built as a shared library.

This implies that the user is doing something wrong. In the case of a subproject, this is completely fine.

Slightly more verbose version:

```suggestion
  message(WARNING "You disabled BUILD_SHARED_LIBS. Note that 3.2.0 was the last release to honor this option. Newer preCICE releases always build as a shared library.")
```
